README: update wording to feature cloud more heavily (#25713)
MaterializeInc/materialize: README.md

[<img src="https://github.com/MaterializeInc/materialize/assets/23521087/39270ecb-7ac4-4829-b98b-c5b5699a16b8" width=35%>](https://materialize.com)

> Materialize is a cloud-native **data warehouse** purpose-built for **operational

Reviewer: Should there be a reference to persistence storage at S3 scale?

[data freshness](https://materialize.com/blog/decouple-cost-and-freshness/).

## Get started

Ready to try out Materialize? [Sign up](https://materialize.com/register/) to get started! 🚀

Have questions? We'd love to hear from you:
  * [Join our Slack](https://materialize.com/s/chat)
  * [Send us mail](https://materialize.com/contact/)

## About

Materialize is designed to help you interactively explore your streaming data, perform analytics against live relational data, or increase data freshness while reducing the load of your dashboard and monitoring tasks. The moment you need a refreshed answer, you can get it in milliseconds.

It focuses on providing correct and [consistent](https://materialize.com/docs/overview/isolation-level/) answers with minimal latency, and does not ask you to accept either approximate answers or eventual consistency. Whenever Materialize answers a query, that answer is the correct result on some specific (and recent) version of your data. Materialize does all of this by recasting your SQL queries as *dataflows*, which can react efficiently to changes in your data as they happen.

> Our fully managed service is cloud native, featuring **high availability**, via

Reviewer: Should there be a reference to persistent storage at S3 scale?

Author: That's a great idea. Updated.

[data freshness](https://materialize.com/blog/decouple-cost-and-freshness/).

## Get started

Ready to try out Materialize? [Sign up](https://materialize.com/register/) to get started! 🚀

Have questions? We'd love to hear from you:
  * [Join our Slack](https://materialize.com/s/chat)
  * [Send us mail](https://materialize.com/contact/)

## About

Materialize is designed to help you interactively explore your streaming data, perform analytics against live relational data, or increase data freshness while reducing the load of your dashboard and monitoring tasks. The moment you need a refreshed answer, you can get it in milliseconds.

It focuses on providing correct and [consistent](https://materialize.com/docs/overview/isolation-level/) answers with minimal latency, and does not ask you to accept either approximate answers or eventual consistency. Whenever Materialize answers a query, that answer is the correct result on some specific (and recent) version of your data. Materialize does all of this by recasting your SQL queries as *dataflows*, which can react efficiently to changes in your data as they happen.

> Our fully managed service is cloud native, featuring **high availability**, via

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our fully managed service is cloud-native, featuring **high availability**, via
```

Author: The noun here ("fully managed service") comes before the compound adjective ("cloud native"), so typical style is to not use a hyphen!

multi-active replication, **horizontal scalability**, by seamlessly scaling

> dataflows across multiple machines, and **near infinite storage**, by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
compute across multiple machines, and **near infinite storage**, by
```

Reviewer 2: Oh, I didn't re-read the whole thing. We could remove references to dataflows and more generically use "compute", which doesn't presuppose knowledge of Materialize internals; but not something I feel strongly about.

Author: Yeah, might be worth doing, but also I don't mind that the GitHub README goes a little deeper into the technical weeds than other things. Just gonna leave as is for now and let someone else address in the future.

Materialize supports a comprehensive variety of SQL features, all using the PostgreSQL dialect and protocol:

-   Joins, joins, joins! Materialize supports multi-column join conditions, multi-way joins, self-joins, cross-joins, inner joins, outer joins, etc.
-   Delta-joins avoid intermediate state blowup compared to systems that can only plan nested binary joins - tested on joins of up to 64 relations.
-   Support for subqueries. Materialize's SQL optimizer performs subquery decorrelation out-of-the-box, avoiding the need to manually rewrite subqueries into joins.

> -   Materialize supports streams that contain CDC data (e.g., [Debezium](https://debezium.io/blog/2017/09/25/streaming-to-another-database/), [Striim](https://striim.com)). Materialize can incrementally maintain views in the presence of arbitrary inserts, updates, and deletes. No asterisks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   Materialize supports streams that contain CDC data (e.g., [Debezium](https://debezium.io/blog/2017/09/25/streaming-to-another-database/), [direct PostgreSQL CDC](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/create-source/postgres/)). Materialize can incrementally maintain views in the presence of arbitrary inserts, updates, and deletes. No asterisks.
```

Author: Maybe we just strike the first sentence completely? The second sentence is the real point ("Materialize can incrementally maintain views in the presence of arbitrary inserts, updates, and deletes.") and is punchier without the first sentence. The paragraph above the list also already mentions the ways you can get data into Materialize these days (Kafka, PostgreSQL, webhooks).

**Push based**: Listen to changes directly using `SUBSCRIBE` or configure Materialize to stream results to a Kafka topic as soon as the views change.

## Documentation

Check out [our documentation](https://materialize.com/docs/).

## License

> Materialize is provided primarily as a [fully managed cloud
> service](https://materialize.com/pricing/), with proprietary cloud-native
> features like horizontal scalability, high availability, and a web management
> console included in the cost.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Materialize is provided primarily as a fully managed cloud service with
[credit-based pricing](https://materialize.com/pricing/). It offers proprietary
cloud-native features like horizontal scalability, high availability, and a web
console included in the cost.
```

> However, we're big believers in advancing the frontier of human knowledge. To
> that end, the source code of the standalone database engine is publicly
> available, in this repository, and [licensed](LICENSE) under the BSL 1.1,
> converting to the open-source Apache 2.0 license after 4 years. As stated in the
> BSL, use of the standalone database engine on a single node is free forever.
> Please be warned that this deployment model is *not* suitable for production use
> and we cannot offer support for it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, we're big believers in advancing the state-of-the-art of database and
streaming technologies. To that end, the source code of the standalone database
engine is publicly available, in this repository, and [licensed](LICENSE) under
the BSL 1.1, converting to the open-source Apache 2.0 license after 4 years. As
stated in the BSL, use of the standalone database engine on a single node is
free forever. Please be warned that this deployment model is *not* suitable for
production use and we cannot offer support for it.
```

Reviewer 2: :heavybreathing:
